


- payable address,




## Note!

- address is comparable
- storage of map and array needs Meta Logic Parameter [X no we don't]
- push() is very tricky! more cautions to deal with it! (low priority, Uniswap never uses storage X[]!)

## Heaps:

- balance: address -> uint256???


## Question:

- What is the type of money/ether?

### Need Talk

- **GAS!!!!!**
- Dangling References, acceptable feature or reject?

## TODO Plan:

- Exception & Revert
- Mutability: oure, view, payable, non-payable
- bytes, T[] is a pointer
X nondeterminism if we want true `send`
X true exception if we want `break` & `return`
    Success state | PartCorrect | Error excp state
- WF while / recursion

### Special Cautions [necessary]

- abi.decode / abi.encodeWithSelector,  .selector
- staticcall
- checkNotDelegateCall (How?)
- It is said before version xx byte is an alias of bytes1. Then what is it now?
- calldata
- assignment between different locations!! see [Data location and assignment behavior]
- the automatic public accessor of mappings

### Special Cautions [less important]

- type expression `type(int32).max` (The uniswap only uses `type(T).max/min`
- Contract is a type, e.g. `type(MyContract).name`
- Constant evaluation: `(2**800 + 1) - 2**800 = 1`!

### Special Cautions [info]

- address.code / .balance / .codehash / .send / .transfer

### Delayed / Not important in Uniswap

- call{gas: 10000 / value: 1ether}
- .code
- all string
- enum
- User defined value type
- Function pointer
- bytes**N**
- Array Slices, basically pointer shift.


## Blueprint

- bytesN : fixed-size list (maybe LENGTH('a))
- keyword external, view: ignore them, since the specification states these info.




## Question:

1. How to deal with `break`
    Maybe we need true Exception!
